[TOC]



### 介绍景点

As we all know, the Forbidden City, which is also known as the Palace Museum, embodies  long-standing, splendid and glorious Chinese culture, where you can appreciate its magnificent architecture and precious treasures. During this trip, it is advisable to pay closer attention  to the tourist introduction of each site, which includes its origin, cultural background as well as translation in multiple languages.

众所周知，紫荆城，又名故宫博物馆，代表着历史悠久，灿烂辉煌的中国文化，在那里您可以欣赏壮丽的建筑及珍贵的宝藏。旅行期间，大家可以多多关注景点介绍，它会提供景点由来，文化背景以及不同语言的翻译。

### 辞职信

Dear Mr. Wang,

​		I am extremely grateful to have been employed by you **for** the past two months for an editor of your **magazine** Design&Fashions. I appreciate the **opportunity** of having worked here with you and my other colleagues. The experiences that I had here are ones I will not forget for my entire life.

​		However, As a young man whose primary interest is in computer science rather than fashion design, I have found that my present job **doesn't** fall in with my previous **training** and strength. Consequently, I have decided to quit this job to pursue other opportunities that may **conform** better to my educational background.

​		Please accept my sincere apology for any **inconveniences**(不止一处) my leaving may cause.

​																									**Yours sincerely,**

​																									Li Ming

1. pursue master's degree 考研
2. apply for admission into your esteemed university 申请进入这所著名的大学

### 爱心信

**Dear Sir and Madam,**

​		Moved by the noble cause of Project Hope and encouraged by what has been achieved so far, I would like to contribute my bit to the project by offering a **financial** aid to a child in a remote area of your province.

​		I would appreciate it if you **could**(语气更委婉) help me seek out a girl who has just started schooling but whose family can not afford her education. My plan is to pay for her tuition on an **annual** basis until she finishes her **secondary education(中学教育).I would like to remit my donation directly to a bank account opened by her family in local area.

​																									Yours sincerely,

​																									Li Ming

1. higher education 高等教育
2. primary school 小学
3. in poor rural areas 在贫困乡村地区
4. drop out of school 退学
5. family planning 计划生育
6. tuition fees and other expenses 学杂费

### 邀请信

Dear Professor Smith,

​		On behalf of all the students at Peking university who share a love for **the** English language, I cordially invite you to give a lecture to us.

​		As you are one of the outstanding experts in **the** English language all over the world, I believe that we will not only be able to learn a lot from you, but to be inspired by you as well. We are hoping that you will be available for a lecture on our campus at 10:00 am on December 26.There will be 45 minutes allocated for the lecture and 15 minutes for a question-and-answer session.

​		If you are **interested** in coming to our university for the lecture, you can email me at the address below. We are looking forward to meeting you.

​																	Yours sincerely,

​																		Li Ming

1. be a judge for an upcoming English Speech Contest
2. attend our **graduation** ceremony 参加我们的毕业典礼
3. throughout the world
4. native speaker
5. **prestigious**
6. host a reading session 举办读书会

### 推荐信

Dear Smiths,

​		As one of your closest friends, I'm writing the letter to recommend one of my favorite movies to you-Around the World in Eighty Days.

​		The primary factors for my recommendation are as follows. To begin with, this is a science fiction movie, which **relates** us an exciting story about an English gentleman, Mr. Phileas Fogg, who makes a bet with his manager and clubmates to travel around the world in eighty days. Besides, it give us a vivid description of the many difficulties and incidents which happen on his journey.

​		Hope you watch and enjoy this movie. Looking forward to you reply.

​																																	Yours sincerely,

​																																		Li Ming

1. 电影，诗，歌用双引号表示
2. traffic accidents 交通事故
3. adversity 逆境
4. Monkey King 美猴王

### 建议信

Dear Friends,

​		On behalf of the Student Union of Peking University, I am writing to extend my heartfelt welcome to all the overseas students who will study in this campus.

​		It is my great pleasure to propose several practical suggestions for you. At the first place, life in this prestigious university is perhaps not as easy as you have expected. You may be confronted with daily classes, abundant homework and frequent examinations. So be prepared for the hectic life here. In the second place, in spite of all those burdens, diverse extracurricular activities such as sports meetings, speech contests and social gatherings will still provide ample opportunities to make friends. Consequently, enjoy the life in this esteemed institute!

​		All in all, although there is a lot of pressure, the time you spend on this campus will be worthwhile and enhance you whole life. Hope you like it here. 

​																																				Yours sincerely,

​																																						Li Ming

1. the Student Union
2. the Postgraduate Association
3. study overseas
4. abundant material supplies 优越的物质条件
5. heavy family burdens 沉重的家庭负担
6. a variety of 
7. ample job opportunities 大量的就业岗位
8. curriculum 课程
9. English Speech Contest 英语演讲比赛
10. the Singing Contest 歌咏比赛
11. gather and dine 吃饭进餐
12. huge working pressure 巨大的工作压力
13. relieve pressure 缓解压力
14. In conclusion 总之
15. enhance/cultivate people's awareness of 提高/培养人们的意识
16. spending during the Spring Festival vacation

### 感谢

Dear Mr. Smith,

​		I am writing the letter to extend my heartfelt gratitude.

​		I am referring to that unfortunate accident the other day, when I knocked off my bike by a taxi.  If it had not been for you timely assistance in giving me first aid, I fear that the consequence might have been extremely serious. Everyone agrees that it is your quick-witted response in that emergency that has let to this satisfactory outcome. Although nowadays people in mounting numbers talk about the need to be unselfish, we can see few people practice what they preach.

​		If there were more people like you, this world would be a much nicer place.

​																												Yours sincerely,

​																														Li Ming

1. in due cause 在适当的时候
2. warm reception 热情款待
3. 感谢 appreciation
4. give a helping hand to 伸出援助之手
5. as a consequence of 由于
6. respond to the call to help the victims in natural disasters 响应号召来帮助灾难中的受害者
7. practical skills 实践技能
8. theoretical knowledge 理论知识
9. practice filial piety 奉行孝道知识
10. 

### 告示

​														Notice

​																						December 26, 2021

​		Volunteers are needed for the International Conference on globalization to be held on our campus in next Sunday. Basic requirements are proficiency in English and **familiarity** with the theme of the conference. Other requirements include good interpersonal communication abilities, familiarity with our city's tourist attractions and its history, proper manners and a strong sense of responsibility. Preference will be given to those experienced in international conference or other similar activities.

​		Call 123456789 or email stuunion@edu.cn for an application and for the information on the interview. Phone and email enquiries are encouraged; no visit please.

​																				Postgraduate Association





